# Conclusion

The learning curve of React was not as steep as I originally thought. As someone with a background in Angular, the concepts were similar. However, MaterialUI was entirely new and I didn't exactly know which components to use. In the end, I managed to create a usable interface, which didn't distract too much from the functionality of the system itself. It ended up being pretty intuitive to use, though the components did blow up in size, even if I tried to stray away from that (228 lines of code for the radar component!).

Also the decision to only split the admin view not entirely and display them as routes on the same SPA, as well as depending on the JWT token to provide the user's role worked well for my use case.

Using a [Kanban Board](https://github.com/users/ruttingerhslu/projects/2) made me focus on each user story on their own, though I did not use it for the entirety of the project. Once I was done with all user stories, I still had a long way to go with documentation, testing and tackling of non-functional requirements, still it helped with fulfilling the base features. I regret, however, that I didn't use proper *TDD* in my workflow and ended up having to write tests as an afterthought, rather than developing against them. This took a while, considering that I had to reevaluate what each function's purpose was, in order to test it properly. What did help me, was writing the work journal alongside the project, as a sort of progress bar of things to do and things already done.

In conclusion, the project helped me refresh my memory on developing a fullstack system, and also taught me a lot on frameworks like React and Express or the process itself with developing a workflow for myself. 